feat(docker): Document usage of the Bonita docker image (#1085)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

### Monitoring
Bonita 7.10 now includes a brand new extensible [monitoring](runtime-monitoring.md) mechanism.

### Docker
A Bonita docker distribution is now available for download and installation both in community and subscription editions.

> For more details on how to install and use it, read [this](bonita-container.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [how to install and use it](bonita-container.md).
```
